Blog post announcing variable font support (#39)
sile-typesetter/sile-typesetter.github.io: content/blog/release-v0.14.8.md

+++
title = "SILE v0.14.8 Is Released"
date = "2023-01-26"

[extra]
post_author = "Caleb Maclennan"
post_gravatar = "11cdaff4c6f9b290db40f69d3b20caf1"
+++

Version v0.14.8 of SILE has been released and is [available for download][release]!
See the included [CHANGELOG.md][changelog] or review the [commit history][commits] for more explicit details.

### Summary of Improvements

If you have extra cake in storage just waiting for something worth celebrating, this might be a good release to bust it out for.
[Khaled Hosny](https://github.com/khaledhosny) has contributed a major new feature: support for [variable fonts][variations]!
This contribution was supported by a bounty grant from the [MFEK Foundation][mfekf].
Many thanks to both Khaled and [Fredrick Brennan](https://github.com/ctrlcctrlv) for making this possible.

> Enabling this significant step forward requires the font subsetter support introduced in HarfBuzz 6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling this significant step forward requires the font instanciation support introduced in HarfBuzz 6 (part of the `harfbuzz-subset` library).
```

The subsetter is older but the instanciation is the new part.
